Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Original Sub By VikRamJS
[VEHICLE RUMBLING]
MAN [OVER COMMS]: Unit 6.
come in. What's your ETA?
DRIVER: Be there in five.
Crossing the bridge now.
MAN: When you arrive. drop the
team off and stand by for orders.
DRIVER: Roger that.
Why do you think they
made us gear up like this?
[SCOFFS] Whatever it is.
it's serious enough to
call us off-duty guys in.
Shit. Dylan. we could be
in San Fran right now.
eating crab and
drinking beer. [SIGHS]
Frisco isn't going
anywhere anytime soon. JJ.
[SIGHS] Let's just
get through this.
CHIEF: We're almost at
Raccoon City. so listen up.
The city's on lockdown.
Orders are to assist evacuation
of Umbrella Corp execs
and government officials only.
No civilians.
Repeat. No civilians.
What if they try to get past us?
You're cleared to shoot to kill.
[GASPS SOFTLY]
Seriously?
[ALL GRUNT]
I want a line in
front of the truck.
Double time. Move. Move.
[♪♪♪♪♪]
ANNOUNCER [OVER PA]: This is
a warning to all civilians.
Return to your homes
and shelter there.
[CARS HONKING] Repeat.
return to your homes.
What the hell is going
on? [SIREN WAILING]
That's what I wanna know.
MAN [OVER COMMS]: Heads up.
An Umbrella exec
is coming through.
Close ranks and stay sharp.
[CAR HONKING]
[CIVILIANS CLAMORING]
CHIEF: They're rioting!
Safeties off. Fire on my orders.
[HELICOPTER WHIRRING]
[PEOPLE GROANING]
GUARD 1: Goddamn. this hurts!
GUARD 2: They fucked chief up!
GUARD 1: What's wrong
with those people?
GUARD 2: Tore his
body wide open.
They got rabies or something.
They took his body
and... Motherfuckers!
I've stopped the bleeding.
Just hang tight. okay?
We're calling for evac.
Carl. Carl.
Carl?
JJ: Copy that.
We managed to get our
wounded to safety.
We need evac or they're...
MAN: They're infected.
Sorry. i-infected?
MAN: Affirmative. Quarantine
them and wait for orders.
Y-you want us to do what?
[MUFFLED GROANING]
What are you doing?
You can't lock them in there.
We need to get them
to a hospital. Now.
HQ says we have to
quarantine them and stand by.
Quarantine?
MAN [OVER RADIO]:
Unit 6. come in.
Anyone in Raccoon
City who's infected
must be shot on
sight. No exceptions.
Not even our people.
You want us to kill our team?
Terminate with
extreme prejudice.
Then we'll send evac. Over.
[♪♪♪♪♪]
No. man. No.
We gotta do this. Are
you fucking crazy?
That's our team.
You can't kill them.
If we don't. there's no evac.
This has to be a mistake.
They just need a
doctor or something!
They need help!
Don't do this!
You'll regret it!
I'll regret it more
if they get loose!
Stop it!
[♪♪♪♪♪]
LEON: So. what's the deal with
this Dr. Antonio Taylor guy?
HUNNIGAN [OVER PHONE]: He's wanted
for espionage and aiding enemy states.
San Francisco PD sent
SWAT to his last location.
but they were attacked
by an unknown group
with a lot of firepower.
Whoever these people are.
they have Taylor now.
LEON [SIGHS]: That
can't be good.
HUNNIGAN: That's
an understatement.
He was involved in top-secret
research for our military.
And now foreign agents
are after him too.
We need him in custody
ASAP. Like. yesterday ASAP.
You love to rush me. don't you?
We know the route the van took.
If our calculations are correct.
it should pass you in a minute.
They're early.
[ENGINE REVS]
[GRUNTS]
Oh. shit.
[GRUNTING]
[♪♪♪♪♪]
[HONKING]
[PANTING]
[♪♪♪♪♪]
[SIGHS]
I loved that bike.
[SEAGULLS SQUAWKING]
[PEOPLE CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY]
MAN: Smells rancid.
WOMAN: Look at that!
CLAIRE: Excuse me.
Hey there. Are
you from the city?
Yeah. Who are you?
Claire Redfield from TerraSave.
I'm William Gunnar.
Fish and Wildlife.
Thanks for coming down.
There was a TerraSave
tracker on this thing.
so we figured you had
an interest in it.
Uh... Is your group. like.
an environmental protection
agency or something?
Actually. we're an NGO
supporting the victims
of bioterrorism.
Huh.
Weird.
Well. whatever.
At least someone's here to
help deal with this mess.
This bite is huge.
Was it a shark?
No. They don't mess with orcas.
Besides. the bite
radius is so big.
There's no shark alive
that could have done this.
[♪♪♪♪♪]
CHRIS [OVER COMMS]:
Jill. come in.
Go for Jill.
CHRIS: Based on first reports.
this looks like a
bioweapon situation.
Cordon off the street
and wait for backup.
Too late. I'm inside.
Checking for survivors.
Don't go rushing in.
Wait for backup. That's an...
[THUMP]
[DOOR CREAKING]
[GASPS SOFTLY]
[♪♪♪♪♪]
[SNARLING]
[EXHALES SHARPLY]
Clear!
Room clear. Restack!
Freeze!
[SIGHS]
Stand down.
She's with me.
Why'd you go in alone?
I'm not waiting for backup
when there's a chance
someone's in danger.
Right. but... [SCOFFS]
[♪♪♪♪♪]
[TYPING]
[ELEVATOR WHIRRING]
Hi. Rebecca. Hey. Chris.
Where's Jill?
I'm having her write up the
report about last night.
Ah. I get it. Punishment.
Don't even go there.
Anyway. the city
now has 12 cases
like the one last night.
[SIGHS] Did your tests
turn anything up?
REBECCA: Well. they
were all infected
with an improved
version of the T-Virus.
and they all have needle marks.
CHRIS: No bites?
REBECCA: Hm-mm.
None of them were bitten.
only their victims.
And their victims didn't turn.
They died from their wounds.
From what I can tell so far.
this virus isn't spread via
airborne particles or saliva.
It's something new. then.
We have to stop
whoever's behind this.
Fast.
Jill wasn't bitten. was she?
No. [SIGHS]
Just being reckless. as usual.
Why are you so hung up on that?
You think you're the only one
allowed to risk your
life to save others?
[SCOFFS] What?
After all she's been through.
she's finally back in the field.
If she's being
reckless. like you say.
it's probably because
she's trying to make up
for what happened to her.
You mean. how Wesker
brainwashed her
and made her come after us?
No one's blaming Jill for that.
No one.
Except Jill.
[SIGHS]
[GUNSHOTS]
What's up?
I want you off this case.
You need some time off.
[SCOFFS] You're joking.
It's good you're back.
I just don't want you to
push yourself too hard.
You've been through a lot.
[♪♪♪♪♪]
When I was being
mind-controlled by Wesker.
all I wanted was to kill you.
All of you.
I was conscious. but I
couldn't stop myself.
It was like living
in a nightmare.
Sometimes...
the nightmare sticks with you.
And if you're not careful.
it'll swallow you up.
I'm fine now.
Don't worry about me.
[DOOR CLOSES]
There was this guy named Piers.
I wanted him to
take over after me.
I trusted him.
and he trusted me.
He fought alongside me. then...
he died to save me.
We have to be ready to
die in the line of duty.
It's part of the job.
But rushing in like
you did last night.
you're not just
risking your life.
Honestly.
I probably would've
done the same as you.
That's why our job is hard.
We have to consider
stuff like that. Always.
We've been in this fight for so
long. we're getting numb to it.
So we have to be even
more careful now.
Because if we're not.
that numbness...
will burn right
down to our souls.
Innocent people are being
poisoned and used as weapons.
Whoever's doing
that has no soul.
And if we wanna stop them.
we can't afford to
think about being numb.
or souls. or any of that shit.
At least I can't.
Hey.
Come on. Jill. Don't...
[TYPING]
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
[♪♪♪♪♪]
Well...
you've done it.
We have a prototype now.
We can move straight to
the mass-production phase.
Nice work...
[SHUDDERING]
Dr. Taylor.
[CHUCKLES] Hm.
[GULPING]
[BREATHING SHAKILY]
Congratulations.
Fate has decided you'll
die some other way.
Hey. Jill. Chris.
Hi. Claire. Thanks.
What's shaking at the
B.S.A.A. these days?
Same old thing.
Bioterrorists sure are stubborn.
How are things at TerraSave?
Oh. you know. Same.
I'm dealing with my own
set of stubborn bad guys.
Well. neither are as
stubborn as you two.
[BOTH CHUCKLE]
CLAIRE: This area around
the Farallon Islands
is a giant national
marine sanctuary.
Some whales we were tracking
have been disappearing.
There. off Alcatraz.
Oh... Lost whales aren't
really the B.S.A.A.'s thing.
So why'd you call us?
I checked the DNA we
got from a bite wound
on an orca carcass
that washed up.
It had a strain
of T-Virus in it.
It's similar to the virus
we found in the infected
that have been turning
up in the city.
You're kidding. [GROANS]
And get this.
The police couldn't
find a connection
between the folks
that were infected.
But I dug a little deeper
and found they all had
one thing in common.
No way.
They all visited
Alcatraz recently.
GUIDE [OVER COMMS]: a modern
marvel of engineering.
If it's on your list
of things to see
while visiting San Francisco.
you can check it off right now.
And straight ahead. folks.
there it is. Alcatraz.
[LINE TRILLING]
Rebecca. we're almost there.
REBECCA: Gotcha.
Hey. this virus is similar
to the other versions
we already have vaccines for.
Yeah. I think I
can slap together
a vax for this one too.
That's the best news
I've heard in a while.
Get to it.
I'll call you if
we find anything.
GUIDE: When the National
Park Service got involved.
they opened up the island.
so that the public could enjoy
not only its rich history...
That's where I come in.
But also the bird.
marine and animal life
that has flourished here over
the years. Alcatraz has...
[♪♪♪♪♪]
I guess he realized
his days were numbered.
[CHUCKLES]
Oh. well. He won't get far.
[TAPS KEY]
Perfect.
There is a torture device
called the bull of Phalaris.
It was a bull made of bronze.
You put a person inside.
light a fire under it.
then sit back as
the bull heats up
and slowly burns the
person inside alive.
[SIGHS] So elegant.
You know. the man who
made the bull died in it.
That's some debut.
[CHUCKLES]
Now that our esteemed
guests have arrived...
it's time we debuted
our creation.
I gotta say. uh. this bed sucks!
[LAUGHS]
Hey. it's your boy Zach here.
And today. I'm
checking out Alcatraz!
[SCREAMS] Help me!
[LAUGHS]
First things first. hit
that subscribe button...
We won't find anything if we
stick with these tourists.
Hm.
I'll go and check the shoreline.
You and Chris can
scope out the places
they don't take the tourists.
Everyone keep your comms open.
But if the shit hits
the fan. call Rebecca.
She'll send backup.
[MAN SCREAMING]
TOURIST 1: What is that?
TOURIST 2: Oh. my God.
What is that?
[SCREAMING]
Get back! Stay away from it!
TOURIST 3: He just shot him!
TOURIST 4: We
gotta go. Let's go.
TOURIST 5: Hey.
let's go. Come on.
TOURIST 6: Come on.
Everybody. let's go.
TOURIST 7: The hell was that?
TOURIST 8: Are they dead?
Holy shit!
Yo. yo. yo. Pan over there.
Some dude shot some
other dude. You see that?
What the...?
[♪♪♪♪♪]
[SNARLING] [SCREAMING]
Oh. shit.
[SCREAMS]
[CLAMORING]
[WHIMPERING]
No. no. no. No! No!
[SQUELCHING]
Are you okay? Did it bite you?
No. I'm okay.
Get inside!
Drag that desk over here!
We need to make a barricade!
Got it! Okay.
Keep it against the door!
Watch out! Up there!
TOURIST: Oh. shit!
[SNARLING]
How the hell...?
No. they're coming in!
Goddamn it!
[SCREAMING]
GUARD: Get back!
[♪♪♪♪♪]
GUARD: What the fuck
is wrong with them?
Are you okay?
Are you hurt?
[SNARLING]
[PANTING]
[CLAMORING]
No. no. no.
[YELPS]
[♪♪♪♪♪]
[EXHALES DEEPLY]
[BURBLING]
[SNARLING]
DYLAN: Did good
and evil exist...
when dinosaurs were
killing each other?
[SIGHS]
Is there even such
a thing as evil...
in a food chain?
Of course not.
Such concepts were
unnecessary back then.
[GUN CYLINDER OPENS]
[INHALES SHARPLY]
Isn't that right...
JJ?
Stop it!
[SCREAMS]
Shit!
[YELLING]
[PANTING]
[GROANS]
[♪♪♪♪♪]
Come in. HQ.
Two survivors.
One's bit and he's bleeding bad.
We need evac.
MAN [OVER RADIO]: Negative.
Orders are to terminate
anyone bitten.
No exceptions.
[GRUNTING]
[SCREAMS]
[MOUTHING] Help me. Please.
CHRIS: Jill. come in.
I can't get through.
Shit.
Comms are down too.
[SIGHS] They're jamming us.
We have to find Jill.
Hold on. There could be
more of these in here.
Tons more.
She's alone. I can't
leave her behind.
[THUMPING]
[♪♪♪♪♪]
[SCREAMS]
Wait. Don't shoot.
[SIGHS]
[WATER DRIPPING]
[GRUNTING]
Leon?
Well. what do you
know? Jill Valentine.
How's it going?
[SNARLING]
So. uh. Jill. what are
those things doing here?
They were tourists.
That's one fucked-up tour.
You got a gun?
Nope. Lost it.
Here. Thanks.
[SPLASH]
Uh-oh.
[GROWLING]
[GASPING]
Duck!
Let's go.
How many of these are there?
I ain't stopping to count.
Move!
Zero.
What?
You wanted to know
how many there were.
Oh.
CHRIS: Anybody here?
TONY: What's going on?
Are you guys security?
Police?
CHRIS: I'm with the B.S.A.A.
My name's Chris
Redfield. Who are you?
Well. I'm Tony. Tony Davis.
I'm Claire with TerraSave.
TerraSave? Oh. great.
Is there a problem?
Not unless you're
recruiting for your cult.
I heard what happened
in Harvardville.
You're a bunch of terrorists.
[SCOFFS] Yeah? And if
you watched real news.
you'd know that we got framed
over some bioweapon bullshit.
CHRIS: That's
enough. Both of you.
We've got bigger
things to worry about.
We don't know what's down here.
so keep an eye out.
These are definitely
not the usual infected.
Yeah.
They turn fast.
And without being bitten.
[SIGHS]
Wait. Where'd the asshole go?
[TONY WHIMPERING]
[SNARLING]
Get away!
Shit.
Fuck!
[GROANING LOUDLY]
Let me see. I wasn't bitten!
Shut up and let me see.
[SIGHS] Just a
scrape. You're fine.
I... I called you
a terrorist before.
You honestly think I wouldn't
help you because of that?
We'd treat your wounds
even if you were
one of the bad guys.
Hm.
[SIGHS]
[♪♪♪♪♪]
What's up with this tunnel?
It's to move munitions.
back when Alcatraz was
a military fortress.
Thanks for the history
lesson. [CHUCKLES]
After this. I'm putting
tour guide on my résumé.
Why are you here?
[SIGHS]
Dr. Antonio Taylor.
He's a specialist in
robotics engineering.
He tried to sell his
research to another country.
but got kidnapped by
a bunch of terrorists.
Intel said they brought
him to Alcatraz.
What are you doing here?
A new virus is on the loose.
Clues pointed here.
so me. Chris and Claire
came to have a look around.
Our cases seem to be connected.
What's wrong?
You feel that?
What?
There's a draft.
It's coming from here.
We don't know where it goes.
Maybe outside or
farther into this maze.
Either way. it's
better than here.
Come on. It'll be like we're
breaking out of prison.
It'll be fun.
[♪♪♪♪♪]
JILL: This is not good.
[SIGHS]
At least we know we're
on the right track.
No. You think?
Yup. Come on.
Comms are down and ammo's low.
I wonder how Jill's doing.
You should take Davis
and get back to the city.
CLAIRE: What about you?
CHRIS: I'll find Jill.
We're in way over
our heads here.
[SOFT CLICK] [GROANS]
CHRIS: Claire?
Claire? What's wrong?
Claire!
[GROANS]
Aw. shit!
No. Hey. Can you move?
Oh. my God.
[GASPING]
[♪♪♪♪♪]
[WHIMPERING]
What's a submarine
dock doing here?
Probably another holdover
from when this was a fortress.
LEON: They're using
it for an armory now.
Let's check it out.
[♪♪♪♪♪]
[OVER PHONE] F.O.S..
this is Hunnigan.
Hey. I'm Rebecca.
So Leon's working
with you on this?
Yes. but I still
can't reach him.
so let's save the chitchat.
Did you look at the
info I sent you?
Yeah. I checked it out.
But I'm having no
luck getting through
to Chris and the others either.
I've been trying
for two hours now.
What do you want
me to tell them?
Someone accessed
the DoD's server.
They were looking
for top-secret files
on previous bioterrorism cases.
going back to Raccoon City.
You think this might
have something to do
with the op we're
on? Most likely.
They managed to steal data on
key personnel on those cases:
Leon. Chris. Jill. and Claire.
[♪♪♪♪♪]
JILL: What are they?
Bio-drones.
That room we passed
through before
is the incubation tank.
The guy I'm here
for. Antonio Taylor.
this is his area of expertise.
And these drones
look ready to go.
So he's gotta be
around here somewhere.
JILL: He can wait.
Let's burn it all.
Yeah. We'll start with
the incubation tank.
DYLAN [OVER PA]: Well. if
it isn't Jill Valentine
and Leon S. Kennedy.
Well. if it isn't...
whoever you are.
Why don't you come out and talk?
[DYLAN LAUGHS]
How about you come to me?
I'm in the main prison
block. Ground floor.
Chris and Claire
are waiting for you.
[CHUCKLES]
[♪♪♪♪♪]
Ready. Miss Chambers?
REBECCA: Good to go.
What's that?
Vaccine.
I just hope I made enough.
Let's get moving. then.
[♪♪♪♪♪]
Chris? Claire!
CLAIRE [WEAKLY]: Leon?
What are you doing here?
Hey. Jill. You're okay.
Oh. my God. You're so pale.
Claire? Hang in there.
TAYLOR: Hurry! Get
us out of here!
Son of a bitch.
Antonio Taylor.
What?
His name's Davis.
LEON: No. That's a fake name.
He's Taylor. all
right. How did you...?
This scumbag's wanted for
leaking national secrets
to the enemies
of the U.S. of A.
Welcome to Alcatraz.
I'm Dylan Blake.
It's an honor to
have you all here.
Together.
I bet you're wondering
how people are being infected
without being bitten.
[SOFT CLICK] [GROANS]
DYLAN: That was one of
my prototype bio-drones.
I tell it who to infect. and
it always finds its target.
JILL: Leon?
DYLAN: The
mass-production versions
are what you saw in
the other chamber.
and they're ready to go.
By tomorrow morning.
my virus will be
all over the world.
I get it now.
The tech...
[GROANS]
the virus...
you got them from Arias.
That's why she's here.
DYLAN: Arias and I did a
lot of business together.
So you could say we
were sort of close.
And since you murdered
poor Maria's father.
I thought this was a good
opportunity to settle the score.
For both of us.
Right now. they're
probably cheering us on
from the afterlife.
Picking up...
where Arias left off.
Oh. no.
This is way different
from what he wanted to do.
Well. it's over now.
Get your hands up.
[SIGHS]
B.S.A.A.. D.S.O.. TerraSave.
You still think you're fighting
evil syndicates like Umbrella.
saving the world. et
cetera. et cetera.
We...
We protect...
the innocent. Hardly.
The huge corporations and the
corrupt execs that run them.
the ones getting
big. fat bonuses
for maintaining the status quo.
that's who you work for.
who you really protect.
And the innocent will
continue to suffer
as long as you do.
You're nothing more
than pawns. suckers.
What do you know?
What do I know?
[CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
Confusion.
Betrayal.
Guilt.
[♪♪♪♪♪]
[STAMPING CANE]
MAN [OVER COMMS]: Repeat.
terminate anyone bitten.
No exceptions.
Help me.
Please.
[CLICKS] [GASPS]
[♪♪♪♪♪]
[SCREAMS]
[GROANS]
I know I'm sick of this world
and how the ones with
all the money and power
get to decide what's
right and wrong.
good and evil.
There's no such thing as
justice in a world like that.
So I'm going to use my virus
to clean the slate.
Sure. Kill everything.
Like a terrorist.
Not everything.
With these bio-drones.
I decide who gets
infected and who doesn't.
Example. Ms. Valentine.
I left her alone so
she could experience
what I went through
so many years ago.
when I thought I was
on the side of justice.
You're insane.
Instead of pointing
your gun at me.
you should be worried about him.
trapped in that
cell with Claire.
She's not looking too good.
It won't be long
before Claire turns.
And when she does.
she'll rip the not-so-good
Dr. Taylor's guts out.
And another innocent
life will be lost.
[GROANING]
TAYLOR: You heard him.
Shoot her before she kills me!
CHRIS: Claire!
Goddamn you!
[MOTORBOAT ENGINE DRONING]
CAPTAIN: Cut the
engine. Goggles on.
[ENGINE STOPS]
Here we have Leon S. Kennedy.
working hard for people who
lie and cover up the truth.
who propagate the endless cycle
of battles he keeps fighting.
And you're all
burnt out from it.
Yeah. well. it's a living.
DYLAN: And Claire Redfield.
You think your
group helps people.
But they don't do anything
to stop the actual cause
of all the suffering.
They offer bandages
instead of real solutions.
I bet you keep doing
it out of pride.
Because it makes you feel
like you're doing good.
Nothing wrong...
[GROANING]
with helping people.
Sure.
Keep telling yourself that.
We both know you
prefer sitting back
and letting others
do the dirty work.
And Chris Redfield.
Despite the fact
you lose team members
on every single mission.
you keep coming back with more.
How many lives
have you sacrificed
in the name of
justice. I wonder.
And finally...
we come to Jill Valentine.
You could shoot Claire
right now and save a life.
but you hesitate.
I get she's a friend
and all. but still.
I thought you want to
protect the innocent.
That's hard to do when you let
your emotions get in the way.
isn't it?
Go fuck yourself.
Like all of you. I did my duty.
protecting the sons
of bitches in power.
The ones who forced me to watch
my best friend beg for his life.
And then ordered me
to kill him anyway.
None of you know what it's like
to live with that
hanging over your head.
Do you?
But soon...
you will know that
kind of suffering.
My bio-drones will
deliver it to the world.
And when people start killing
their friends and family.
there won't be any
more cover-ups.
And there won't
be any more use...
for you.
CAPTAIN: Move out.
I got movement. 7 o'clock.
Prepare to engage.
Four hundred yards and closing.
CAPTAIN: Keep it tight.
Three hundred.
Two hundred. It's
coming in fast!
Shit. fire! Fire!
Flip and fire! Fire!
Reload! Stay alert!
It's coming back!
Twelve o'clock!
[SCREAMING]
[GUNSHOT]
You waited too long. Jill.
I'm disappointed.
You bastard!
LEON: Jill!
[RINGING]
[♪♪♪♪♪]
[GROANING]
DYLAN: Don't worry about them.
They'll suffer for a while.
then turn soon enough.
As for Jill...
she can do whatever she wants.
We're at the final stage now.
Once the bio-drones hatch
from their Licker hosts.
we'll have millions.
They'll leave the island
and then there's
no stopping them.
You're bleeding bad.
I have to stop it.
Don't bother.
Worry about yourself.
Can't do anything about me.
But I can stop your bleeding.
What's the point?
After what he said. don't
you feel like giving up?
[CHUCKLES. SIGHS]
He made his choice.
We made ours.
That's all.
CHRIS: The world's fucked up.
No denying it.
Destroying it is easy.
The hard part's doing
the right thing...
regardless.
Can't save the world...
by killing it.
We're all dying.
How can you be so calm?
[IN UNISON] We got Jill.
[♪♪♪♪♪]
If she's still out there...
there's hope.
Stop. stop.
Thank you. It's okay.
My life was all about me.
I didn't care about
anything else.
If I'd met you all sooner...
maybe I could've
turned it around.
Just let me help you.
I made a back door
to the network.
For insurance.
In case they screwed me
over. which they did.
[CHUCKLES. CHOKES]
He probably changed all
codes after I escaped.
But if you enter the password...
you'll get in.
Good... luck.
Rebecca! Jill?
Thank God you're okay. I
hope you brought some backup.
They're dead. I have
the vaccine though.
As long as the infection
hasn't killed anyone.
it can bring them back.
Awesome. Okay.
follow this waterway.
It'll take you to the prison.
You'll find Leon and the others.
They're infected. What?
I have to destroy
the incubation tank.
Tell them I'm headed
to the armory.
[PANTING]
[♪♪♪♪♪]
[TYPING]
[BREATHES DEEPLY]
[BEEPING]
[♪♪♪♪♪]
Open the floodgates. Maria.
[GASPING]
CHRIS: Claire!
Claire!
Shit.
[WEAKLY] Rebecca.
Leon!
I have the vaccine.
I saw Jill out there too.
Jill?
She's headed for the armory.
This will sting a bit.
What's he up to?
CHRIS: How are you doing?
This stuff works fast.
I feel better already.
Thanks. Rebecca.
Is Leon out there on his own?
Yeah. I doubt he's 100% yet.
No time to rest. then.
Let's go help him.
Why's he letting
all the water in?
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING] Huh?
I am glad the virus
didn't kill you.
I wanted to be the one to do it.
You don't always
get what you want.
[♪♪♪♪♪]
This is for my father!
He was Arias's guard
dog. You were his bitch.
Dylan!
I was wondering where
you scuttled off to.
JILL: Give up.
Rebecca's cured
the others by now.
So what?
I expected she would.
It doesn't matter now anyway.
Soon...
everyone will see
things as I do.
That there is no justice.
That good and evil mean nothing.
And I'll finally atone
for murdering my friend...
so that I could survive.
[CLICKS. WHIRS]
[DYLAN THUDDING LOUDLY]
What the hell?
[♪♪♪♪♪]
I will make you pay
for killing my father.
Yeah. well. your dad
was kind of a dick.
[GRUNTING]
[GRUNTS]
Now you can be with
your dad again.
[BREATHES DEEPLY]
[♪♪♪♪♪]
CHRIS: Jill!
You're all okay.
LEON: Guys. They
released the bio-drones.
We have to stop them.
[BOOMING. SPLASHING]
CLAIRE: What the hell is that?
JILL: Dylan used the virus
to fuse with a bioweapon.
Looks like we're
dealing with this first.
Let's do it.
Yeah.
[GROANING]
Excuse me.
He's all yours.
[ROARS]
CHRIS: That thing
doesn't wanna die.
JILL: He's a tough
cookie. all right.
LEON: Claire! CLAIRE: What?
You got that password
Taylor gave you?
Yeah. right here.
Fantastic.
Take Rebecca and
stop those drones!
We'll keep this guy busy.
On it!
Don't die!
Jill!
[♪♪♪♪♪]
[SIGHS] All right.
Okay. I got this.
Okay.
And...
we're in.
Great. Let's stop
those bio-drones.
[SNARLING]
JILL: Chris! Leon!
What's that? A plasma rifle.
It heats up to 20.000 degrees.
but it's short range.
Can you get that
thing any closer?
"Can we get it
closer?" she says.
[ENGINE STARTS]
LEON: Hang on!
[PLASMA RIFLE POWERING UP]
[GRUNTS]
Okay. link it.
[TYPING] Done.
There's three parameters
on the control code.
Overwrite those. Got it.
It's in manual mode.
Now we can stop them.
Hold on a sec!
Why?
We control the drones now.
so why don't we use them?
Mm... Hm?
I hope this works.
Definitely going on
vacation after this.
[RIFLE WHIRRING]
Time to light you up.
Is that it? Did we kill it?
[♪♪♪♪♪]
One more to finish you!
[POWERING UP]
Goddamn it.
Come on.
Come on!
Fuck!
[THUDS]
Go get him! What's happening?
The drones are pumping
their virus in.
overloading it.
It's messing with the
creature's chemistry.
See?
CLAIRE: Oh. nice.
It's heading for open water.
Like hell it is.
This controls the gate. Hurry!
Yeah. Going down.
[♪♪♪♪♪]
JILL: Hey!
Ugly!
That's it. Come get me.
Come on.
Come get me!
Come on!
You know how to use this?
It's got a trigger. doesn't it?
That goes in here.
You'd kill everyone
because you feel guilty
for killing your friend?
Deal with it yourself. asshole.
Down.
A little higher.
Yeah.
Fire!
And that's that.
[PANTING]
Ha. We did it.
Is it dead?
Super dead.
[CHUCKLES]
[SIGHS]
Looks like us
suckers win. Again.
Yeah.
And we'll keep
coming back for more.
Like always.
[♪♪♪♪♪]
[CHUCKLING SOFTLY]
Well. I know what I'm gonna
take away from this experience.
What's that?
Prison tours suck.
[CHUCKLES]
So do giant shark monsters.
So did this op.
Yeah. But we sure did
kick some ass. didn't we?
We sure did.
All of us.
[HELICOPTER WHIRRING
IN DISTANCE]
Glad you're back.
So am I.
[♪♪♪♪♪]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today